tictactoe/README.md, before:

# Learning TDD with Tic Tac Toe

This is simple exercise is meant to help you explore Test-Driven Development by implementing the simple game of Tic-Tac-Toe.

## Getting Started

This main branch of this repository is meant to provide you with a starter project. It is currently configured as a Maven project. To start practicing, simply clone this repository and create a branch on which you can practice.

The TicTacToeTest class starts out with one test method, `it_is_ready_to_run_JUnit5_tests`. This is essentially a smoke test, to verify that the skeleton project is set up so you can run JUnit 5 successfully. If you can't run the test successfully, try to see what's going on with your IDE settings and environment. Try running `mvn clean test`.

## Rules of the game

You can find the rules for Tic-Tac-Toe here:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tic-tac-toe

## Test-Driven Development (TDD)

You can find a brief description of TDD on Martin Fowler's Bliki:
https://martinfowler.com/bliki/TestDrivenDevelopment.html

A longer article can be found on Wikipedia:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Test-driven_development

## Practicing TDD by implementing Tic-Tac-Toe

At first glance, you might think this exercise is too simple and boring for you to be able to learn anything. Don't be distracted by the simplicity of the problem. Your goal is to learn the ins and outs of the technique, TDD. The problem itself is beside the point. 

The point of using a simple problem like Tic-Tac-Toe is to allow you to focus on the techniques, practices, and thought processes around design. By choosing a simple problem to solve, you won't have to think too much about coming up with a solution but rather focus on _how_ you arrive at the solution. 

It's all about the journey and what you do along the way, not the destination. 

## On Deliberate Practice

In my experience (Junilu), you can discover many principles of design and good development along the way. You do, however, need to be very intentional about what you're trying to learn. If you set out just wanting to complete the program and get it to run, you might learn a few things, but you'll also miss out on learning about things you could have done better.

Here are some focused learning goals you can start with:

1. How do I know what test to write first?
2. How do I know when I should refactor?
3. How do I manage complexity and keep the program as simple as possible?
4. How do I apply good object-oriented programming principles?
5. How do I organize my ideas so they are coherently reflected in the code?
6. How can I use tests to drive the incremental development of the program?
7. How can pair- or ensemble-programming help when I'm doing TDD?
8. How do I know when I'm done?

As you can see from this short list, there are many things you can focus on besides just solving the problem. You might be able to finish the program but the task of learning and getting better is never truly done. Good programmers are always finding ways to learn and improve, even by solving a simple problem like Tic-Tac-Toe.

Practice alone only makes habit; Only _perfect_ practice makes perfect.

Therefore, practice deliberately and practice often. Practice alone and practice with friends. And have fun with it; you'll learn better.

And remember, [the only way to get to Carnegie Hall](http://robert-inman.com/blog/2016/2/11/how-do-you-get-to-carnegie-hall) is to practice, practice, practice.

Did I remember to tell you to practice yet?

&mdash;Junilu Lacar (November 23, 2022)

Commit message:

Added a Contributing section to the README

tictactoe/README.md, after:

# Learning TDD with Tic Tac Toe

This is simple exercise is meant to help you explore Test-Driven Development by implementing the simple game of Tic-Tac-Toe.

## Getting Started

The main branch of this repository is meant to be a starting point. It isn't meant to be an example of a full solution to the problem. 

The base project is currently configured as a Maven project. To start practicing, clone this repository and create a branch on which you can practice.

The TicTacToeTest class starts out with one test method, `it_is_ready_to_run_JUnit5_tests`. This is essentially a smoke test, to verify that the skeleton project is set up so you can run JUnit 5 successfully. If you can't run the test successfully, try to see what's going on with your IDE settings and environment. Try running `mvn clean test`.

## Contributing

If you want to contribute your practice branches so others can learn from your experience, don't squash the commits in your branch. It's best if people can see all your commits so they can follow along in your journey. 

### Add helpful notes to help others gain context

One thing you can do to help others benefit from your practice branches is to add copious notes. Describe what you did, what kind of conversations you had (if you were practicing solo, try to describe your thought process), what decisions were made and why, and what interesting things were discovered or learned during your practice session. 

Context is key to understanding and having notes that give other people some context as to what was going on around a change will help them tremendously in understanding how, what, and why things happened the way they did   .

## Rules of the game

You can find the rules for Tic-Tac-Toe here:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tic-tac-toe

## Test-Driven Development (TDD)

You can find a brief description of TDD on Martin Fowler's Bliki:
https://martinfowler.com/bliki/TestDrivenDevelopment.html

A longer article can be found on Wikipedia:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Test-driven_development

## Practicing TDD by implementing Tic-Tac-Toe

At first glance, you might think this exercise is too simple and boring for you to be able to learn anything. Don't be distracted by the simplicity of the problem. Your goal is to learn the ins and outs of the technique, TDD. The problem itself is beside the point. 

The point of using a simple problem like Tic-Tac-Toe is to allow you to focus on the techniques, practices, and thought processes around design. By choosing a simple problem to solve, you won't have to think too much about coming up with a solution but rather focus on _how_ you arrive at the solution. 

It's all about the journey and what you do along the way, not the destination. 

## On Deliberate Practice

In my experience (Junilu), you can discover many principles of design and good development along the way. You do, however, need to be very intentional about what you're trying to learn. If you set out just wanting to complete the program and get it to run, you might learn a few things, but you'll also miss out on learning about things you could have done better.

Here are some focused learning goals you can start with:

1. How do I know what test to write first?
2. How do I know when I should refactor?
3. How do I manage complexity and keep the program as simple as possible?
4. How do I apply good object-oriented programming principles?
5. How do I organize my ideas so they are coherently reflected in the code?
6. How can I use tests to drive the incremental development of the program?
7. How can pair- or ensemble-programming help when I'm doing TDD?
8. How do I know when I'm done?

As you can see from this short list, there are many things you can focus on besides just solving the problem. You might be able to finish the program but the task of learning and getting better is never truly done. Good programmers are always finding ways to learn and improve, even by solving a simple problem like Tic-Tac-Toe.

Practice alone only makes habit; Only _perfect_ practice makes perfect.

Therefore, practice deliberately and practice often. Practice alone and practice with friends. And have fun with it; you'll learn better.

And remember, [the only way to get to Carnegie Hall](http://robert-inman.com/blog/2016/2/11/how-do-you-get-to-carnegie-hall) is to practice, practice, practice.

Did I remember to tell you to practice yet?

&mdash;Junilu Lacar (November 23, 2022)
