hatcheck/README.md, before:

# Read Me First

The goal of this exercise is to practice Object-Oriented design on the Hat Check problem and learn how to apply the General Responsibility Assignment Software Principles (GRASP).

A description of the Hat Check problem can be found here:
https://proofwiki.org/wiki/Hat-Check_Problem

**ATTRIBUTION:** I added this exercise after seeing [this discussion on CodeRanch](
https://coderanch.com/t/755352/java/Simulate-Hatcheck).

# Getting Started

First, create a branch for your exercise. You will not be merging your changes back to main since main is intended to be the starting point for all exercises.

Switch over to your exercise branch and start doing TDD.

As you try to flesh out the program and your design, think about the following:

1. What's the best way to use object-orientation to solve this problem?
2. Should everything be an object?
3. Does object-orientation mean I should model the real world and real objects in my program?
4. What are the General Responsibility Assignment Software Principles (GRASP) and how can they be applied in our Java programs?


# References and Reading

### For the exercise
* [The Four Pillars of Object Oriented Programming](https://backend.turing.edu/module1/lessons/four_pillars_of_oop)
* [GRASP on Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GRASP_(object-oriented_design))

### For information about Maven, Spring, and Spring Boot

* [Official Apache Maven documentation](https://maven.apache.org/guides/index.html)
* [Spring Boot Maven Plugin Reference Guide](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/3.0.0/maven-plugin/reference/html/)
* [Create an OCI image](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/3.0.0/maven-plugin/reference/html/#build-image)
* [Spring Shell](https://spring.io/projects/spring-shell)

Commit message:

Updated Hat Check exercise README file with summary of problem

hatcheck/README.md, after:

# Read Me First

The goal of this exercise is to practice Object-Oriented design on the Hat Check problem and learn how to apply the General Responsibility Assignment Software Principles (GRASP).

A description of the Hat Check problem can be found here:
https://proofwiki.org/wiki/Hat-Check_Problem

In summary, a confused hat-check girl completely loses track of which of N hats belong to which owners, and hands them back at random as the owners leave. What is the probability _P~n~_ that nobody receives their own hat back?

**ATTRIBUTION:** I added this exercise after seeing [this discussion on CodeRanch](
https://coderanch.com/t/755352/java/Simulate-Hatcheck).

# Getting Started

First, create a branch for your exercise. You will not be merging your changes back to main since main is intended to be the starting point for all exercises.

Switch over to your exercise branch and start doing TDD.

As you try to flesh out the program and your design, think about the following:

1. What's the best way to use object-orientation to solve this problem?
2. Should everything be an object?
3. Does object-orientation mean I should model the real world and real objects in my program?
4. What are the General Responsibility Assignment Software Principles (GRASP) and how can they be applied in our Java programs?


# References and Reading

### For the exercise
* [The Four Pillars of Object Oriented Programming](https://backend.turing.edu/module1/lessons/four_pillars_of_oop)
* [GRASP on Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GRASP_(object-oriented_design))

### For information about Maven, Spring, and Spring Boot

* [Official Apache Maven documentation](https://maven.apache.org/guides/index.html)
* [Spring Boot Maven Plugin Reference Guide](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/3.0.0/maven-plugin/reference/html/)
* [Create an OCI image](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/3.0.0/maven-plugin/reference/html/#build-image)
* [Spring Shell](https://spring.io/projects/spring-shell)
